all right guys so I'm here with a group
my friends and we're going Syrus is
gonna do
[Music]
you guys so we just finished fitting on
the floor waiting for friends here well
I'll show you everyone's yeah so that's
what they got
[Music]
Sydney's really tired mom going strong
and there's my stuff so we're all just
hanging out here we're gonna be done
with her gonna grab some food to write
before we go home come here I fell
asleep like in the store no to talk to
me whoa
let me see your eyes your eyes are like
blood I'm like well you got to talk loud
what you want me say just have you like
Frankie shopping
happy Black Friday shopping that's uh
that's on my Ruby's
okay guys I'm video / Riley everyone
tell me what was your favorite store and
favorite thing that you bought my
favorite thing that I bought was a
sweater good what was your favorite
would you get it out you loved Hollister
good job
you do everything you want
I got a sling how tired are you I'm
pretty tired you want to show us a time
update on your phone 11:15 oh my gosh
also guys our mall is like not no lights
here yeah it's really not that bad at
all so that's a plus we're like there's
no line yay
so right now we are walking out to our
car and I got some food alright so we
kind of have dilemma our car is so tall
that I can go through the driver watch
so we're going through we're walking
yeah Hannah go okay okay so tell us what
happened oh it's a $10,000 fine if they
let us walk through the drive-thru so
they keep this way yeah they kicked us
out well I'm the only one who actually
was like hey
well number two
hey guys so I am in my room and I
thought I would go ahead and finish up
the video by showing you what I got for
Black Friday so I didn't get as much as
I usually get and I feel like it's kind
of I don't know maybe it's this thing
with me where I'm getting older and
realizing that I don't need to buy
everything I see but I don't know so I
just jacket and it's like a free jacket
okay my friends keep making fun of me
because I called a poopy Jackie cuz
that's all you've heard other people
call it and yeah so that's that's what
they call maybe it's a something else
I don't know then I got this um
long-sleeved
like it's almost like a tunic it's kind
of like a long shirt it's really soft
and it's like a Heather blue color and I
think this would look really good with
leggings or some black jeans next I got
this maroon t-shirt and I don't have
just a plain marín t-shirt I have a
couple of sweaters in this color but I
really like this color and thought it
would look cute with some skirts and
just jeans lastly for all Navy I just
got a pair of crew socks is maroon socks
at this cute little detailing so that's
not say I got from Old Navy next beetle
and from there I got one thing and it's
just a black pair of skinny jeans and I
don't own any black pairs of pants so I
thought this is just a staple in the
closet from I think it was route 21 my
friend I actually got me these necklaces
they're not chokers they're like but
they're like closer to your neck than
regular necklaces I've been really
liking the ones that just like go like
right below your neck instead of like
down on your shirt and then I have some
stuff Zachary secret and then it's all I
got actually
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video I had a lot of fun with my friends
shopping I was definitely upset that hmm
was not open though because that was new
to our mall and I was really excited
about the deals and they have some cute
clothes but it's okay next time all
right thank you guys so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video if you did like always don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and click
the subscribe button down below if you
haven't already I love you guys so much
thank you for watching and I'll see you
next week bye